hey guys this amber welcome back to my
Channel today I want to do a book review
for you guys and I'm really excited
about this because I guess I kind of
have a personal connection to it and I'm
going to link up here in the corner we
actually did like a video promo on this
book because my husband narrated it he
has been doing voiceover work narrations
for audible things like that for the
past several months and so this is one
of my favorite books so far that I've
listened to so I wanted to let you guys
know about it we were trying to get this
video's done and up before Christmas but
you know how the holiday season goes and
it just gets really insane and busy the
name of the book is and I actually have
the paper version of the book here it's
called a Christmas bargain and it's by
Shanna Hatfield and yes I know that
christmas is over but this is not solely
a holiday book Christmas does happen in
the book but it doesn't revolve around
Christmas so I want you guys to check
this out specifically check the audio
version out I have been listening to
audiobooks for probably the past year
and a half two years I've had a
subscription to audible for as long as i
can remember this is not sponsored by
audible this is also not sponsored by
the Christmas bargain but I like audio
books because you know if you're like me
and you've got kids and you know you
work you just don't have time to sit
down and read as much as you would like
to oh I have found that having the
audible app and downloading books and be
able being able to listen while I Drive
has kind of solved the problem that I
had as not being able to read books
because now I can listen to them so let
me just give you a short and sweet kind
of overview about this without getting
too much away so the basic idea of it
and if you go look this up on Amazon one
of the descriptions is that it is an Old
West Cinderella tail and that is that
pretty much sums it up right there
so the lead character his name is Luke
Granger and I love the voice that might
give to him he really brings him to life
and helps you to get a sense of you know
what a gentleman really is anyway so
look Granger is a banker in this small
town in Oregon and he goes out one day
to collect on a debt and he goes to this
farm where this man lives with his adult
daughter and the guy doesn't have money
to pay the debt and so he offers loop
his daughter and her name is Philomena
and looks like no you know you don't pay
your debt with your daughter that's not
the way this works by the way this book
takes place in the 1800s and so the guys
like fine if you don't want her I'll
just take her into town and seller to
basically the person who runs the
brothel there and then I'll pay you what
that looks like she's a really good guy
he's like no you can't do that so he
takes Philomena and he actually drives
her into town and they go to his
preachers house and he's like he's best
friends with the preacher and he's like
what do I do with her and the preacher
his name is Chauncey he says well you
could marry her he's like what you know
he thinks has the worst idea ever but he
does and I'm sorry there are sirens in
the background I live in the middle of
nowhere and so spray siren of any sort
to be going by is a very rare occasion
but what does end up marrying Philomena
and the book is just kind of their story
about starting a life together and what
it's like to be married to somebody that
is more a marriage of contract really
and not really you know getting married
because you're in love and it just
follows how that progresses and I'm not
going to ruin it for you but it's a
really good book i really like the
different characters that was written
into it that the author is a lady named
Shannon Hatfield and
she did an awesome job in this book i
really i really like the way that she
wrote it the way that she developed the
characters the different personalities
that she put in the book I think she did
a really good job with that and there's
actually a whole series with this this
is actually the first book in a series
called the Hartman holliday series my
husband is actually working on the
second one right now I'm not sure when
that one's going to be out but Shanna
did a really good job on these books and
I think Mike is doing a great job
narrating these books so again I have
linked at the beginning of this video I
put the card in the upper left hand
corner where you can go and see the
promo video that we did and it's narrate
it might narrated it just like in the
voice of Luke Ranger in the book so
you'll get an idea of what the book
sounds like by listening to that but I'm
going to put a link in the description
box below for my page on his website
where you can go find the direct link to
the book also on that page I have put a
little audible thing if you don't
already have an audible membership that
will give you your first to audio books
for free so maybe you can get this one
and then the next one that's coming out
for free and you don't even have to
worry about buying it but I do hope that
you'll check it out leave a comment in
the comment section below when you
listen to it let me know what you think
and also please go on audible once you
listen to it and leave a review that
helps both Shanna and Mike with with
their book sales and you know because
whenever you are thinking about
purchasing anything you go read your
review on it so later of you let me know
what you think I hope that you love it
as much as I do and thanks so much for
watching this video until next time i
will talk to you later god bless bye